c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\GraphDemo.Web.dll.config
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\GraphDemo.Web.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\GraphDemo.Web.pdb
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\obj\Debug\GraphDemo.Web.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\obj\Debug\GraphDemo.Web.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.Mvc4.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.Mvc4.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\obj\Debug\GraphDemo.Web.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Configuration.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4j.AspNet.Identity.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.Extension.Attributes.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.Extension.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4j.AspNet.Identity.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\obj\Debug\GraphDemo.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\GraphDemo.Web.dll.config
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\GraphDemo.Web.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\GraphDemo.Web.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Configuration.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.Mvc4.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\log4net.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4j.AspNet.Identity.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.Extension.Attributes.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.Extension.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Owin.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.Mvc4.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.Mvc4.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\log4net.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4j.AspNet.Identity.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.pdb
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Neo4jClient.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\obj\Debug\GraphDemo.Web.csproj.App.config
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\obj\Debug\GraphDemo.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\obj\Debug\GraphDemo.Web.dll
L:\Programing\Програми\ASP.NET-GraphDemo.Web\GraphDemo.Web\obj\Debug\GraphDemo.Web.pdb
